Stuck in the Movie

1. Manager
*Ensures cash flow goes well w/o disturbing the business operation
*View 
  i. revenues from :
    a. ticket sales
    b. food orders
    c. beverage orders
    d. advertisements
    e. partnerships
  ii. expenses :
    a. facilities improvement
    b. maintenance
    c. electricity
    d. staff wages
    e. taxes
    f. etc.  
  iii. movie schedule :
    a. schedule delays
    b. comparisons between the number of tickets and the number of attendees
    c. etc.
  iv. facilities and equipment 
  v. membership : 
    a. gold
    b. platinum
  vi. employee :
    a. maintain quality of service
    b. resign or not based on the contract and resignation letter that has been subumitted at least two months before the resignation
*Manager can filter data based on important attributes so that it is easier to find the specific data needed


2. Human Resource Department - employee
*Access to 
  i. personal information
    a. job details
    b. contact information
    c. warning letters
    d. salary
    e. personal leave
    f. working time
    g. etc.
  ii. recruitment
    a. registration
    b. candidate selection
    c. technical test 
    d. interview
    e. meeting      
    *After meeting results are final, the accepted employees will start work at the beginning of next week
    *Employee who violates rules that have been signed in the contract -> department will issue a warning letter based on the manager's approval
    *Three times warning letters -> employee will be fired based on the manager's approval
  iii. salary adjustments (based on employee's work perfomance)
    a. preparing a list of employees who will receive a salary change
    b. discussing w manager whether to accept or reject the employees' salary change
    c. the accepted employees' will be forwarded to the acc n finance department for further processing
  iv. sets employees' working time
    a. employees can request to change their working time at the beginning of each month
    b. use data visualization to make easier to check employee attendance at the end of each month
    c. each employee can submit a personal leave req for some reason (marriage, maternity, sick, bereavement, religious) -> hr review and accpet/ reject


3. Accounting and Finance Department - cash flow (money)
  i. Every deparment that needs money must send a fund req to this deparment -> together w manager will review the fund req to be accepted, rejected, or revised -> result will be notified to the related department and storage department if needed
  ii. Calculating taxes (Based on Article 58 Paragraph (1) Law Number 1 of 2022 concerning Financial Relations between the Central Government and Regional Government)


4. Storage Department -> facility and equipment
  i. Label everything company owned to make inventory process more manageable
  ii. Tracking who, when, and where the facility and equipment were last used
  iii. Puchasing new facilities
  a. Purchasing new facilities and equipment req by other departments (approved by acc n finance)
  b. Calculate shortage or excess money based on the actual price and fund that has been approved by acc n finance (important data will be sent to the acc n finance dep as a proof of accountability)
  iv. Broken facility :
  a. Check and fix damaged facilities or equipment
  b. notify the employee who reported the problem (can be fixed or not)
  

5. External Department -> relationship
  i. Maintaining relationships between company and external parties 
  ii. The information must be summarized and recorded to ensure the information is not lost (Must be known by manager)
  iii. The external Parties :
    a. Movie producers 
      - knowing the details of movie -> sent to movie department
      - movie's playing period is over -> snet detailed reports to external parties
    b. Food and beverage suppliers
      - search for suppliers who can work together to support the businesss operations of the company cafe
      - contact the supplier to req additional supplies when the stock is running low (based on the data from the storage dept and approval from the acc n finance dept)
    c. advertising partnerships
      - search for companies that want to advertise on company
      - knowing the details of the advertisement
      - communicate w the acc n finance dept to determine the minimum costs required for the advertisement
      - send detailed reports to external parties after the ads period is over


6. Promotion and Event Department
  i. Managing promo or event that is available on company
  ii. View list of customers who have become members and inform them about any ongoing promo or event
  iii. Generate and distribute vouchers to customers who meet certain criteria
  iv. Cashier does not need to enter the voucher manually


7. Movie Department -> serving customers who want to watch movies
  (i). Schedule division
    a. Responsible for scheduling movies that have a contract with company
    b. Choose the movies to be shown along w the number of shows on a specific delays
    c. Create a schedule automatically
    d. Can override the generated schedule
  (ii). Front Office division
    a. Responsible for serving customers who want to buy movie ticket
    b. Ask for the details of movie customer wants to watch
    c. Ask for payment method the customer wants to use (cash, digital wallet, etc.)
    d. Create, print, and give the movie ticket to the customer
    e. Ask for customer's membership card
      - Doesn't have and wants to create one -> create card with additional card printing fee
      - Already has and wants to use -> scan card and point automatically increase
      - Points have reached the usage criteria -> ask if customer wants to use the points
  (iii). Operation division
    a. Preparing theater's rooms that will be used for the next schedule
    b. Guide the customer from previous schedule to disposing garbage in the provide place and clean the room
    c. Check the movies that will be played, choose the ads that will be shown, ensure the projector can run well
    d. Stanby 20 minutes before movie ends.
    e. Open the door and check customer's ticket that have been purchased before

  
8. Cafe Department -> serving customers who want to buy fnb
  (i). Front Office division
    a. Serving customers who want to buy fnb
    b. Ask for the details of the food and/or beverage
    c. Ask for payment method the customer wants to use (cash, digital wallet, etc. )
    d. Print the receipt and system will forward order to kitchen division
    e. The customer can check the order's status on the screen above this dicision
    f. The customer can pick up order by showing the receipt
  (ii). Kitchen division
    a. Making foods and/or beverage ordered by customers according to who ordered first
    b. Change the status of the order from ordered to processed
    c. Change status of the order to ready after the food and/or beverage is made

  
9. Administrator Department -> company system
  i. Has all privileges to access the system
  ii. Manage what menus any depatment can access
  iii. Securely reset password if the employee forgets their password

  